hello and welcome Paulette subpoena
cooking lessons for today we have a new
recipe and this is called hot wings or
buffalo wings so it took over a million
mega requests our kin at Napa tagging
anime Monica request
ok Allah possession of poetry internet
in Morocco ah I'm gonna ingredients
nothing for our hot wings or buffalo
wings I wanna first ingredient of KY
laminate in I 10 pieces some whole
chicken wings so your chicken wings not
in a bow Oh Papa totally not in Bali in
- and then Allison a tin-opener Cardillo
novena nu well Angela man when because
American half a billion on cut up
another chicken wing so it'll Nabila
Kabbalah issue Makaha will ania opera
China over wings so what I have here
actually is 20 pieces down wings it so
nothing chicken wing Kayla and hug us
and moon and Athena Malini's and then he
packed dry nothing with paper towels so
that but very dry I taught in chicken
wings by gonna commit in for this recipe
one cop now all-purpose flour we also
need 1/2 a teaspoon each of paprika
cayenne pepper salt garlic powder and
onion powder calamity not even canola or
vegetable oil for frying egg or chicken
wings Hot Tamale laminating I have a
couple of Frank's Red Hot Sauce 1/2 a
cup of butter a dash of ground black
pepper and a dash of garlic powder
so almost an anonymous mouth umpire in
your chicken wing spreading that the day
you Pan Am hot sauce again my
ingredients nothing for this recipe so
para starting procedure for kasama Simon
Moonan add in your acting flour HIO
a team AHA seasoning so details asama
not in your adding salt you adding
paprika you acting cayenne pepper young
garlic powder and our onion powder you
mix them nothing to Bali together almost
mobile story actually details in a
regular heart and flour and the spices I
sang ziplock bag and then a low guineo
Mandela UNK Saahil
in Chandni po Sulekha my Union got gamma
Tina Tina bragging for that chicken
wings I'm sort of nothing gagawin
EasyBib red netting or I think chicken
wings so what I have here is a shallow
baking pan I'd eat the transfer that
Antonio add in flour mixture then
finally some Pearson and chicken wings
ad code nothing with our breading so
make sure then go well coated you're
adding chicken wings so you have to make
sure that every nook and cranny onion
chicken I'm Erin Brady then after you my
blood major atop your lamp animalism
excess enough flour so I continue learn
a finito under my bed nap in lahat on
pieces not in chicken wings after
bathing the chicken in le plat Natalie
ptosis on cookie sheet or citrate and
then I Coburn a tomato with cling wrap a
teary refrigerate nothing for one to one
and a half hours so you pocketed
refrigerator
I think breaded chicken is very
important punku stone a dynamic in
crispy or crunchy or I think Rican mama
yeah one spin rinin a taquito city baba
Luton mañana en la Ibiza rev at Bob
Mollica nothing after one to one and a
half hours you recipe nothing for the
chicken breading actually is more than
enough to answer 20 pieces Lance you can
ring some dynamic NAT Ian so Kappa
community Robin you eat atop all and the
winning you is piranha in your salon and
then my even go Yuma oh you naughty
discard me know your material energy can
breading Iligan use a ziploc bag and
then you refrigerate it papa very little
gummy tents a regular fried chicken lung
guide in dis a heart so what I have here
is a small sauce pot so don't start
being part me the bacon on you have a
couple on button at then but in letting
you half a cup now Frank never after
hosting ground black pepper and a little
bit of garlic powder and then boombox a
nap in you're thinkin on over very low
heat a may melt not in butter by layer
and then once
they taught my son on a yacht in butter
Papa tie in a knot in on a boy and then
it's a set-aside moon and a Pinto so
more than one
Arlena honey pass a trend in a
diaphragmatic chickens
umma Papa Zunino Parana jube Asylum she
cannot enter now Hideki perineum brandy
she's a friend and a pinnacle what I
have here is a deep frying pan at an
elegant and not in eternal oil ballet so
major melody no oil nine in the Dana ten
the testament and Athena taco hot enough
no biohacking oil before tyre monk fryer
using a bamboo chopstick to check my bio
adding oil soap on the ethylene you're
on a mile mile a bus and a bubbles -
zapping chopstick I used to be he not my
entire oil not they're not reading at
IMAG fry so if a fried egg not in you
aren't in pieces and chicken so what
nothing much are they over crowd your
adding pan
what mr. camenisch own appointment of
the new Canadian Pacific's / Yasuo poi
su nombre de beste I think you can tell
you know viola audience so far nothing
found on my golden brown nubile Atma I
think anything in worship and fried and
chicken I deep fryer certainly your
engine temperature to 375 degrees
Fahrenheit acceptor turn be nothing I
think Peter since you can find even in
Panama Canal or ask orange juice for any
little negating standoff right under the
window setting your oven temperature to
350 degrees and the relay magnificence
you can place an amazing play put the
toughest spray onion and cooking spray
and then we all then your gamma being
golden brown so from time to time so
then you start cookin in a body butter
in in your young chicken para even you
browning yeah so it on my own golden
brown up I didn't add into homo in so
whether you believe it's a plate lined
with paper towels
can I have here a wire basket so detail
evaluating chicken wings and then you
can fry not in the rest don't chicken
being snapped in kept another you are
teen fried chicken greens on a bayonet
in excess oil now getting a five million
a coat is all with our hot sauce an
eternal my new hot sauce lagina why not
in Canada some data we not endoscope oil
on fire in on TSP chicken and then we be
given a 10 because Rt Hon sauce so make
sure learn the barcode mcboot a young
peacetime chicken in your with the hot
sauce if I get a few pieces at a time
I'm going in your then what support on
our Dean Martin chicken wings are Alice
in an a-10 in vanilla lagina nothing's a
serving platter
and this is how we're going to serve our
buffalo wings or our hot wings so make a
sammich on the ranch dip sigilian this
is best served out together with beer
Habana no no or non football so to put
recipe not a knife waiting for the
different apartments I'm gonna be
building a bean or naka fanatism a
popular restaurant slaw buffalo wings or
hot wings
jalapenos join you in video nothing for
today it's a Nepali trying it on adding
recipe for a missile Amakusa paranoid
hyung consumption of the left
you